# Challenge 5- Evaluate the chat performance

Now that we have created our LLM flow to be able to get information from the customer and what the customer is looking for, we will now evaluate our chat performance. This will be done for two main reasons:
1.	Ensuring we have the right connection to our datasources
2.	Ensuring that the system message has all the desired information to run this evaluations

In case neither or one of the options above is not to your desired liking, we should re-evaluate our solution and our flow.

## Description

We will create built-in evaluations to our model. To do this, we will use a previously created set of synthetic data that will be imputed to the model. You can find this csv file in your use case folder with the format eval.csv.
This csv was generated by Microsoft’s AI Generation packages, created specifically for this purpose. If you are interested in getting to know more about this, please find some links for this in the learning resources.

## Sucess Criteria

To complete this challenge successfully, you must:
* Create an evaluation from your prompt flow.
* Correctly identify the metrics needed to our use case.
* Correctly identify the parameters needed for each one of the metrics.
* Wait for the evaluation to succeed on the evaluation tab.
* Save and analyze the results from each one of the metrics.


## Learning Resources
Use the following resources to help you create your solution:

* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-studio/how-to/evaluate-generative-ai-app?pivots=ai-studio
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/prompt-flow/how-to-bulk-test-evaluate-flow?view=azureml-api-2
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-studio/how-to/generate-data-qa
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-studio/how-to/evaluate-flow-results


## Tips
Sometimes not all the documentation refers to what we want and need. Please find the right documentation on the requirements specified in the introduction section of this challenge.

Sometimes the chat history can and should be empty.
 
